#Minute Timer a timer with sounds and visual notification.

Web version [http://sel2in.com/prjs/php/p8/MinutesTimer/MinutesTimerWeb.html sel2in web timer]

= Minute Timer =

Quick to set and use VB6 application to remind you. Simple applicatin to for a reminder.
Gets user attention by blinking in task bar and optionally plays sounds. For Windows.


Installation
It needs the VB runtime plus the exe in this zip. Most PCs have the VB runtime. If not you can get it from the MS site at vb run time at MS, its about 1 MB
Step 1: get this zip
Step 2: Extract it to a folder, keeping note of that folder.
Step 3: Run the exe. If runs you are good to go. Else get the runtime from vb run time at Microsoft site, it has directions ( http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyID=bf9a24f9-b5c5-48f4-8edd-cdf2d29a79d5&displaylang=en ).
Step 4: try running the game again. It should run once you have installed VB (might have to re start you system after installing it.)

© 2007 Tushar Kapila tgkprog@gmail.com
About and Usage

   1. Enter time in minutes in the first text box (whole number 1 to 32000) and click On. Info shows when the alarm was started and how many minutes. If sound is checked then plays sound files from your windows folder, application does not install any.
   2. Can use the second text box for any reminder text. Menu options allow you to save and load the reminder.
   3. Other menu options to visit the web site, make a donation, and email developer (via your email client)
   4. New: Picks up upto 4 sound files from application folder :D:\aps\MinutesTimers\nov01 to use as reminder sound. Keep copies to use same. If there are less than 4, takes the rest from the windows folder C:\WINDOWS
   5. New: Can use the last text box to run a program like C:\WINDOWS\system32\notepad.exe c:\todo.txt when alarm rings.
   6. New: If Repeat box is checked then the timer reset when you turn it off or it times out while 'ringing'. If you press Off when its not ringing it cancels the timer, even if repeat is checked. By Tushar Kapila Copyright 2007-2009 tgkprog@gmail.com Project web site http://sourceforge.net/projects/minutes-alarm and http://sel2in.com/prjs/php/p8/MinutesTimer/

This Version
Version 2.1.1

Uninstall
Run(Click) the uninstall menu item in the help menu, and simply delete all files in this application's folder

Contribute
VBA Date Time
Donate For Sel2In Software Products and Services



= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages